fixed some grammar issue (#8645)
hashicorp/vault: website/pages/docs/secrets/index.mdx

Secrets engines are components which store, generate, or encrypt data. Secrets
engines are incredibly flexible, so it is easiest to think about them in terms

> of their function. Secrets engines provide some set of data, they take some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of their function. Secrets engines operate by receiving API calls that meet [this interface](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/blob/061bc8ed2bbed49eb4f54c3a04647fbbefb13e48/sdk/framework/backend.go#L105). The calls receive data from the caller, take some
```
